NP-9083-Update_frontend_readme (#2740)
BIBSYSDEV/NVA-Frontend: README.md

Info about all environment variables are listed in the table below. Note that you must be authorized to retrieve some of these values if you don't want to use mock data.

| Name                                   | Example value                                | Description                                                                                                |
| -------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | REACT_APP_API_HOST                     | `api.dev.nva.aws.unit.no`                    | Required. Base URL to the API.Value can be found by logging in to the Parameter Store in AWS. (/NVA/ApiDomain) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| REACT_APP_API_HOST                     | `api.dev.nva.aws.unit.no`                    | Required. Base URL to the API. Value can be found by logging in to the Parameter Store in AWS. (/NVA/ApiDomain) |
```

| REACT_APP_USE_MOCK                     | `false`                                      | Whether to use local mock data or not. If `true`, no more variables are needed.                            |
| REACT_APP_REDIRECT_SIGN_IN             | `http://localhost:3000`                      | Callback URI for successfull login.                                                                        |
| REACT_APP_REDIRECT_SIGN_OUT            | `http://localhost:3000/logout`               | Callback URI for successfull logout.                                                                       |

> | REACT_APP_AWS_REGION                   | `eu-west-1`                                  | Value can be found by logging in to the Parameter Store in AWS. (???)                                      |

Author: mangler

Reviewer: Kan være den er overflødig... oppgis også i `REACT_APP_AWS_USER_POOLS_ID` og `REACT_APP_DOMAIN` så. kan se på det (men ikke akkurat nå)

Author: fjernet

| REACT_APP_AWS_USER_POOLS_ID            | `eu-west-1:XXXXXXXXXX`                       | Value can be found by logging in to the Parameter Store in AWS. (CognitoUserPoolId)                        |
| REACT_APP_AWS_USER_POOLS_WEB_CLIENT_ID | `XXXXXXXXXX`                                 | Value can be found by logging in to the Parameter Store in AWS. (CognitoUserPoolAppClientId)               |
| REACT_APP_DOMAIN                       | `XXXXXXXXX.auth.eu-west-1.amazoncognito.com` | Value can be found by logging in to the Parameter Store in AWS. (CognitoAuthenticationDomain)              |
| REACT_APP_ORCID_BASE_URL               | `https://sandbox.orcid.org`                  | Base URL to ORCID integration.                                                                             |
| REACT_APP_ORCID_REDIRECT_URI           | `http://localhost:3000/my-profile`           | Callback URI for successfull connection to ORCID.                                                          |

> | REACT_APP_ORCID_CLIENT_ID              | `APP-XXXXXXXXX`                              | Value can be found by logging in to the Parameter Store in AWS or ORCID Admin dashboard. (???)             |

Author: mangler

> | REACT_APP_ORCID_CLIENT_ID              | `APP-XXXXXXXXX`                              | Value can be found by logging in to the Parameter Store in AWS or ORCID Admin dashboard. (???)             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| REACT_APP_ORCID_CLIENT_ID              | `APP-XXXXXXXXX`                              | Value can be found by logging in to the Secrets Manager in AWS (OrcidClientID) or ORCID Admin dashboard. |
```
